CK2CULTURE;EU4CULTURE;Custom Defined;Comment

# North Germanic
norse;norse;1;Norse
swedish;swedish;0;Swedish
norwegian;norwegian;0;Norwegian
danish;danish;0;Danish

# Central Germanic
german;german;1;German
old_frankish;franconian;0;Franconian
old_saxon;saxon;0;Saxon
suebi;swabian;0;Swabian

# West Germanic
english;english;0;English
saxon;anglo_saxon;1;Anglo-Saxon
dutch;dutch;0;Dutch
frisian;frisian;1;Frisian

# East Germanic
burgundian;burgundian;0;Burgudian
gothic;gothic;0;Gothic
vandalic;vandalic;1;Vandalic

# Latin
frankish;cosmopolitan_french;0;French
norman;normand;0;Norman
italian;italian;1;Italian
occitan;occitain;0;Occitan
roman;roman;1;Roman
lombard;lombard;0;Lombard
ostrogothic;ostrogothic;1;Ostrogothic

# Iberian
basque;basque;0;Basque
castillan;castillian;0;Castillan
catalan;catalan;0;Catalan
portuguese;portugese;0;Portuguese
visigothic;visigothic;1;Visigothic

# Byzantine
armenian;armenian;0;Armenian
greek;greek;0;Greek
alan;alan;1;Alan
georgian;georgian;0;Georgian

# Celtic
irish;irish;0;Irish
scottish;scottish;0;Scottish
pictish;pictish;1;Pictish
welsh;welsh;0;Welsh
breton;breton;0;Breton

# Finno-Ugric
finnish;finnish;0;Finnish
lappish;lappish;1;Lappish
ugricbaltic;estonian;0;Estonian
komi;komi;1;Komi
samoyed;samoyed;0;Samoyed
mordvin;mordvin;1;Mordvin
khanty;khanty;1;Khanty

# Baltic
lettigallish;latvian;0;Latvian
lithuanian;lithuanian;0;Lithuanian

# Altaic
turkish;turkish;0;Turkish
pecheneg;pecheneg;1;Pecheneg
cuman;cuman;1;Cuman
khazar;khazar;1;Khazar
bolghar;bolghar;1;Bolghar
avar;avar;1;Avar
mongol;mongol;0;Mongol
kirghiz;kirgiz;0;Krgyz
karluk;karluk;1;Karluk
jurchen;manchu;0;Manchu
khitan;khitan;1;Khitan
uyghur;uyghur;0;Uyghur
hunnic;hunnic;1;Hunnic
tocharian;tocharian;1;Tocharian

# Arabic
bedouin_arabic;bedouin_arabic;0;Bedouin Arabic
maghreb_arabic;berber;0;Berber
#maghreb_arabic;maghreb_arabic;0;Maghrebi
levantine_arabic;al_suryah_arabic;0;Syrian
#levantine_arabic;al_iraqiya_arabic;0;Mashriqi
egyptian_arabic;al_misr_arabic;0;Egyptian
andalusian_arabic;andalucian;0;Andalusian Arabic

# East Slavic
russian;russian;0;Russian
ilmenian;ilmenian;1;Ilmenian
volhynian;volhynian;1;Volhynian
severian;severian;1;Severian

# West Slavic
pommeranian;pommeranian;0;Pommeranian
bohemian;czech;0;Bohemian
polish;polish;0;Polish
prussian;prussian;0;Prussian

# South Slavic
croatian;croatian;0;Croatian
serbian;serbian;0;Serbian
romanian;romanian;0;Romanian
bulgarian;bulgarian;0;Bulgarian

# Magyar
hungarian;hungarian;0;Hungarian

# Iranian
persian;persian;0;Persian
kurdish;kurdish;0;Kurdish
baloch;baluchi;0;Baloch
afghan;afghani;0;Afghan
saka;saka;1;Saka

# East African
nubian;nubian;0;Nubian
ethiopian;ethiopian;0;Ethiopian
somali;somali;0;Somali

# West African
manden;mali;0;Manden

# South African
zulu;bantu;0;Bantu

# Mesoamerican
nahuatl;aztek;0;Aztec
quechua;inca;0;Inca

# Israelite
ashkenazi;ashkenazi;1;Ashkenazi
sephardi;sephardi;1;Sephardi
kaifeng;kaifeng;1;Kaifeng

# Aryan Indian
bengali;bengali;0;Bengali
oriya;oriya;0;Oriya
assamese;assamese;0;Assamese
hindustani;avadhi;0;Avadhi
gujurati;gujarati;0;Gujurati
panjabi;panjabi;0;Panjabi
rajput;rajput;0;Rajput
sindhi;sindhi;0;Sindhi
marathi;marathi;0;Marathi
sinhala;sinhala;0;Sinhala
nepali;nepali;0;Nepali
kashmiri;kashmiri;0;Kashmiri

# Dravidian Indian
tamil;tamil;0;Tamil
telugu;telegu;0;Telugu
kannada;kannada;0;Kannada

# Chinese
han;chihan;0;Guanhua
yue;cantonese;0;Cantonese
bai;bai;0;Bai
nakhi;nakhi;1;Nakhi
min;chimin;0;Chimin
yi;yi;0;Yi
qiang;xiang;0;Xiang
tujia;tujia;1;Tujia
she;she;1;She

# Japanese
japanese;japanese;0;Japanese
ryukyuan;ryukyuan;1;Ryukyuan
ainu;ainu;0;Ainu

# Korean
korean;korean;0;Korean

# Burman
tibetan;tibetan;0;Tibetan
bamar;burmese;0;Burmese
tangut;tangut;1;Tangut

# Mon Khmer
khmer;khmer;0;Khmer
mon;mon;0;Mon
viet;vietnamese;0;Vietnamese
cham;cham;0;Cham

# Thai
thai;central_thai;0;Central Thai
#thai;northern_thai;0;Northern Thai
lao;lao;0;Laotian
shan;shan;0;Shan

# Malay
malay;malayan;0;Malayan
tagalog;filipino;0;Filipino
minangkabau;minangkabau;1;Minangkabau
taiwanese;tainwanese;1;Taiwanese
acehnese;sumatran;0;Sumatran
dayak;bornean;0;Bornean


CK2TITLE;EU4TAG;EU4FILE;Comment

# Scandinavia
e_scandinavia;SCA;Scandinavia;Scandinavia Empire
k_sweden;SWE;Sweden;Sweden Kingdom
k_denmark;DAN;Denmark;Denmark Kingdom
k_norway;NOR;Norway;Norway Kingdom
k_finland;FIN;Finland;Finland Kingdom
d_finland;FIN;Finland;Finland Duchy
c_finland;FIN;Finland;Finland County
k_sapmi;SMI;Sami;Sápmi Kingdom
d_sapmi;SMI;Sami;Sápmi Duchy
c_lappland;SMI;Sami;Sápmi County
d_kola;SMI;Sami;Kola Sami Duchy
d_holstein;SHL;Holstein;Holstein Duchy
c_holstein;SHL;Holstein;Holstein County
d_gotland;GOT;Gotland;Gotland Duchy
c_gotland;GOT;Gotland;Gotland County
d_iceland;ICE;Iceland;Iceland Duchy

# Balkans
e_byzantium;BYZ;ByzantineEmpire;Byzantium Empire
k_bulgaria;BUL;Bulgaria;Bulgaria Kingdom
k_croatia;CRO;Croatia;Croatia Kingdom
d_croatia;CRO;Croatia;Croatia Duchy
k_byzantium;GRE;Greece;Greece Kingdom
k_serbia;SER;Serbia;Serbia Kingdom
k_hungary;HUN;Hungary;Hungary Kingdom
k_ottoman;TUR;Ottomans;Ottoman Kingdom
d_achaia;ACH;Principality of Achaia;Achaia Duchy
c_achaia;ACH;Principality of Achaia;Achaia County
d_athens;ATH;Duchy of Athens;Athens Duchy
c_atheniai;ATH;Duchy of Athens;Athens County
k_bosnia;BOS;Bosnia;Bosnia Kingdom
d_bosnia;BOS;Bosnia;Bosnia Duchy
d_krete;CRT;Crete;Crete Duchy
k_cyprus;CYP;Cyprus;Cyprus Kingdom
d_cyprus;CYP;Cyprus;Cyprus Duchy
d_epirus;EPI;Epirus;Epirus Duchy
c_epeiros;EPI;Epirus;Epirus County
d_knights_hospitaler;KNI;Knights;Knights Hospitaler
d_transylvania;TRA;Transylvania;Transylvania Duchy
k_dacia;WAL;Wallachia;Wallachia Kingdom
d_wallachia;WAL;Wallachia;Wallachia Duchy
c_naxos;NAX;Naxos;Naxos County
c_ragusa;RAG;Ragusa;Ragusa County
c_cephalonia;CEP;Corfu;Corfu County
d_slovakia;SLO;Nyitra;Slovakia Duchy

# British Isles
e_britannia;GBR;GreatBritain;Great Britain
k_england;ENG;England;England Kingdom
k_ireland;IRE;Ireland;Ireland Kingdom
k_scotland;SCO;Scotland;Scotland Kingdom
k_wales;WLS;Wales;Wales Kingdom
d_cornwall;CRN;Cornwall;Cornwall Duchy
c_cornwall;CRN;Cornwall;Cornwall County
d_northumberland;NOL;Northumberland;Northumberland Duchy
c_northumberland;NOL;Northumberland;Northumberland County
d_connacht;CNN;Connacht;Connacht Duchy
d_leinster;LEI;Leinster;Leinster Duchy
d_munster;MNS;Munster;Munster Duchy
c_tyrone;TYR;Tyrone;Tyrone County
c_connacht;CNN;Connacht;Connacht County
c_leinster;LEI;Leinster;Leinster County
d_meath;MTH;Meath;Meath Duchy
d_ulster;ULS;Ulster;Ulster Duchy
c_ulster;ULS;Ulster;Ulster County
c_desmond;DMS;Desmond;Desmond County
c_kildare;KID;Kildare;Kildare County
d_moray;HSC;Highlands;Highlands Duchy

# Eastern Europe
k_lithuania;LIT;Lithuania;Lithuania Kingdom
d_lithuanians;LIT;Lithuania;Lithuania Duchy
k_poland;POL;Poland;Poland Kingdom
d_krakow;KRA;Krakow;Krakow Duchy
c_krakowskie;KRA;Krakow;Krakow County
d_mazovia;MAZ;Mazovia;Mazovia Duchy
d_prussia;PRU;Prussia;Prussia Duchy
d_courland;KUR;Kurland;Kurland Duchy
c_kurs;KUR;Kurland;Kurland County
d_teutonic_order;TEU;Teutonicorder;Teutonic Order
c_danzig;DNZ;Danzig;Danzig County
c_zemigalians;RIG;Riga;Riga County
k_ruthenia;UKR;Ukraine;Ruthenia Kingdom
d_kiev;KIE;Kiev;Kiev Duchy
c_kiev;KIE;Kiev;Kiev County
d_chernigov;CHR;Chernigov;Chernigov Duchy
c_chernigov;CHR;Chernigov;Chernigov County
d_moldau;MOL;Moldavia;Moldau Duchy
d_lithuanians;LIT;Lithuania;Lithuania Duchy
c_kurs;KUR;Courland;Kurland County
d_esthonia;EST;Estonia;Estonia Duchy
d_livonia;LVA;Livonia;Livonia Duchy

# France
e_france;FRA;France;France Empire
k_france;FRA;France;France Kingdom
k_brittany;BRI;Brittany;Brittany Kingdom
d_brittany;BRI;Brittany;Brittany Duchy
d_alsace;ALS;Alsace;Alsace Duchy
c_armagnac;AMG;Armagnac;Armagnac County
d_auvergne;AUV;Auvergne;Auvergne Duchy
c_auvergne;AUV;Auvergne;Auvergne County
d_gascogne;GUY;Gascony;Gascony Duchy
k_burgundy;BUR;Burgundy;Burgundy Kingdom
d_burgundy;BUR;Burgundy;Burgundy Duchy
d_champagne;CHP;Champagne;Champagne Duchy
c_corsica;COR;Corsica;Corsica County
d_dauphine;DAU;Dauphine;Dauphine Duchy
c_foix;FOI;Foix;Foix County
c_nevers;NEV;Nevers;Nevers County
d_normandy;NRM;Normandy;Normandy Duchy
d_orleans;ORL;Orleans;Orleans Duchy
c_orleans;ORL;Orleans;Orleans County
d_provence;PRO;Provence;Provence Duchy
c_provence;PRO;Provence;Provence County
d_toulouse;TOU;Toulouse;Toulouse Duchy
c_toulouse;TOU;Toulouse;Toulouse County
d_berry;BER;Berry;Berry Duchy
c_venaissin;AVI;Avignon;Venaissin County
d_bourbon;BOU;Bourbonnais;Bourbonnais Duchy
c_bourbon;BOU;Bourbonnais;Bourbonnais County
c_boulogne;PIC;Picardy;Picardy County

# HRE
c_julich;AAC;Aachen;Aachen County
c_anhalt;ANH;Anhalt;Anhalt County
d_baden;BAD;Baden;Baden Duchy
c_baden;BAD;Baden;Baden County
k_bavaria;BAV;Bavaria;Bavaria Kingdom
d_bavaria;BAV;Bavaria;Bavaria Duchy
k_bohemia;BOH;Bohemia;Bohemia Kingdom
d_bohemia;BOH;Bohemia;Bohemia Duchy
d_brandenburg;BRA;Brandenburg;Brandenburg Duchy
c_brandenburg;BRA;Brandenburg;Brandenburg County
c_bremen;BRE;Bremen;Bremen County
d_brunswick;BRU;Brunswick;Brunswick Duchy
c_braunschweig;BRU;Brunswick;Brunswick County
e_germany;GER;Germany;Germany Empire
k_germany;GER;Germany;Germany Kingdom
d_koln;KOL;Cologne;Cologne Duchy
c_koln;KOL;Cologne;Cologne County
c_kleve;KLE;Cleves;Cleves County
d_osterreich;HAB;Austria;Austria Duchy
c_osterreich;HAB;Austria;Austria County
c_hamburg;HAM;Hamburg;Hamburg County
e_hre;HLR;HolyRomanEmpire;Holy Roman Empire
c_lorraine;LOR;Lorraine;Lorraine County
c_luneburg;LUN;Luneburg;Luneburg County
c_mainz;MAI;Mainz;Mainz County
d_meissen;MEI;Meissen;Meissen Duchy
c_meissen;MEI;Meissen;Meissen County
d_mecklemburg;MKL;Mecklenburg;Mecklenburg Duchy
c_mecklemburg;MKL;Mecklenburg;Mecklenburg County
c_munster;MUN;Munster;Munster County
c_oldenburg;OLD;Oldenburg;Oldenburg County
k_pomerania;POM;Pommern;Pommerania Kingdom
d_pommerania;POM;Pommern;Pommerania Duchy
k_saxony;SAX;Saxony;Saxony Kingdom
d_saxony;SAX;Saxony;Saxony Duchy
d_silesia;SIL;Silesia;Silesia Duchy
c_salzburg;SLZ;Salzburg;Salzburg County
d_swiss;SWI;Switzerland;Switzerland Duchy
d_thuringia;THU;Thuringia;Thuringia Duchy
c_thuringen;THU;Thuringia;Thuringia County
d_tyrol;TIR;Tyrol;Tirol Duchy
c_tirol;TIR;Tyrol;Tirol County
c_trier;TRI;Trier;Trier County
c_ulm;ULM;Ulm;Ulm County
c_wurzburg;WBG;Wurzburg;Wurzburg County
c_wurttemberg;WUR;Wurttemberg;Wurttemberg County
c_kleve;KLE;Kleves;Kleve County
c_ostfriesland;EFR;East Frisia;Ostfriesland County
d_swiss;SWI;Switzerland;Switzerland
c_nassau;NSA;Nassau;Nassau County
c_kempten;AUG;Augsburg;Augsburg County
c_celle;HAN;Hannover;Hannover County
c_nurnberg;NUM;Nuremberg;Nuremberg County

# Spain
k_aragon;ARA;Aragon;Aragon Kingdom
d_aragon;ARA;Aragon;Aragon Duchy
k_castille;CAS;Castille;Castille Kingdom
d_castilla;CAS;Castille;Castille Duchy
d_granada;GRA;Granada;Granada Duchy
c_granada;GRA;Granada;Granada County
k_navarra;NAV;Navarra;Navarra Kingdom
d_navarra;NAV;Navarra;Navarra Duchy
c_navarra;NAV;Navarra;Navarra County
k_portugal;POR;Portugal;Portugal Kingdom
e_spain;SPA;Spain;Spain Empire
k_spanish_galicia;GAL;Galicia;Galicia Kingdom
d_galicia;GAL;Galicia;Galicia Duchy
k_leon;LON;Leon;León Kingdom
d_leon;LON;Leon;León Duchy
c_leon;LON;Leon;León County
k_andalusia;ADU;Andalusia;Andalusia Kingdom
d_barcelona;CAT;Catalunya;Catalunya Duchy
c_barcelona;CAT;Catalunya;Catalunya County

# Italy
c_aquileia;AQU;Aquileia;Aquileia County
d_ferrara;FER;Ferrara;Ferrara Duchy
c_ferrara;FER;Ferrara;Ferrara County
k_genoa;GEN;Genoa;Genoa Kingdom
d_genoa;GEN;Genoa;Genoa Duchy
c_genoa;GEN;Genoa;Genoa County
e_italy;ITA;Italy;Italy Empire
k_italy;ITA;Italy;Italy Kingdom
c_mantua;MAN;Mantua;Mantua County
d_milano;MLO;Milan;Milan Duchy
d_modena;MOD;Modena;Modena Duchy
c_modena;MOD;Modena;Modena County
k_naples;NAP;Naples;Naples Kingdom
k_papal_state;PAP;Papal;Papal State Kingdom
c_parma;PAR;Parma;Parma County
k_pisa;PIS;Pisa;Pisa Kingdom
d_pisa;PIS;Pisa;Pisa Duchy
c_pisa;PIS;Pisa;Pisa Pisa
d_sardinia;SAR;Sardinia;Sardinia Duchy
d_savoie;SAV;Savoy;Savoy Duchy
c_savoie;SAV;Savoy;Savoy County
k_trinacria;SIC;Sicily;Sicily Kingdom
d_sicily;SIC;Sicily;Sicily Duchy
c_siena;SIE;Siena;Siena County
d_toscana;TUS;Tuscany;Tuscany Duchy
c_urbino;URB;Urbino;Urbino County
k_venice;VEN;Venice;Venice Kingdom
d_venice;VEN;Venice;Venice Duchy
c_venezia;VEN;Venice;Venice County
c_monferrato;MFA;Montferrat;Monferrato County
c_lucca;LUC;Lucca;Lucca County
c_malta;JAI;Malta;Malta County
c_firenze;LAN;Florence;Florence County

# Low Countries
d_brabant;BRB;Brabant;Brabant Duchy
c_brabant;BRB;Brabant;Brabant County
d_flanders;FLA;Flanders;Flanders Duchy
d_gelre;GEL;Gelre;Gelre Duchy
c_gelre;GEL;Gelre;Gelre County
c_hainaut;HAI;Hainut;Hainut County
d_holland;HOL;Holland;Holland Duchy
c_holland;HOL;Holland;Holland County
c_sticht;UTR;Utrecht;Utrecht County
c_liege;LIE;Liege;Liege County
d_luxembourg;LUX;Luxembourgh;Luxembourg Duchy
c_luxembourg;LUX;Luxembourgh;Luxembourg County
c_friesland;FRI;Friesland;Friesland County

# Russia
k_armenia;ARM;Armenia;Armenia Kingdom
d_armenia;ARM;Armenia;Armenia Duchy
d_crimea;CRI;Crimea;Crimea Duchy
c_crimea;CRI;Crimea;Crimea Duchy
k_georgia;GEO;Georgia;Georgia Kingdom
e_golden_horde;GLH;GoldenHorde;Golden Horde Empire
#e_golden_horde;GOL;GreatHorde;Great Horde Empire
c_qazan;KAZ;Kazan;Qazan County
d_moskva;MOS;Muscowy;Muscowy Duchy
c_moskva;MOS;Muscowy;Muscowy County
d_novgorod;NOV;Novgorod;Novgorod Duchy
c_novgorod;NOV;Novgorod;Novgorod County
d_pskov;PSK;Pskov;Pskov Duchy
c_pskov;PSK;Pskov;Pskov County
e_russia;RUS;Russia;Russia Empire
d_ryazan;RYA;Ryazan;Ryazan Duchy
c_ryazan;RYA;Ryazan;Ryazan Ryazan
d_tver;TVE;Tver;Tver Duchy
c_tver;TVE;Tver;Tver County
d_yaroslavl;YAR;Yaroslavl;Yaroslavl Duchy
c_yaroslavl;YAR;Yaroslavl;Yaroslavl County
d_polotsk;PLT;Polotsk;Polotsk Duchy
c_polotsk;PLT;Polotsk;Polotsk County
k_perm;PRM;Perm;Perm Kingdom
d_perm;PRM;Perm;Perm Duchy
c_perm;PRM;Perm;Perm County
c_lukomorie;ZAZ;Zaporozhie;Zaporozhie County
c_theodosia;FEO;Theodoro;Theodoro County
c_bashkirs;BSH;Bashkiria;Bashkiria County
d_volhynia;VOL;Volyn;Volyn Duchy
c_mozhaysk;OKA;Oka;Oka County
d_beloozero;BLO;Beloozero;Beloozero Duchy
c_beloozero;BLO;Beloozero;Beloozero County  
d_rostov;RSO;Rostov;Rostov Duchy
c_rostov;RSO;Rostov;Rostov County

# Arabia
e_arabia;ARB;Arabai;Arabia Empire
k_arabia;ARB;Arabai;Arabia Kingdom
c_al_hasa;ALH;Haasa;Haasa County
d_oman;OMA;Oman;Oman Duchy
c_hijaz;HED;Hedjaz;Hedjaz County
k_yemen;YEM;Yemen;Yemen Kingdom
c_mahra;MHR;Mahra;Mahra County
c_najran;NJR;Najran;Najran County
d_hadramut;HDR;Hadramut;Hadramut Duchy
c_aden;ADE;Aden;Aden County
d_medina;MDA;Medina;Medina Duchy
c_medina;MDA;Medina;Medina County
c_luristan;LRI;Luristan;Luristan County
d_fars;FRS;Fars;Fars Duchy
d_gilan;KRY;Gilan;Gilan Duchy
c_gilan;KRY;Gilan;Gilan County
d_jibal;QOM;Qom;Qom Duchy
d_tabriz;TBR;Tabriz;Tabriz Duchy
c_tabriz;TBR;Tabriz;Tabriz County
d_amman;ALH;Haasa;Haasa Duchy
d_basra;BSR;Basra;Basra Duchy
c_basra;BSR;Basra;Basra County
d_azerbaijan;SRV;Shirvanshah;Shirvanshah Duchy
d_kerman;KRM;Kerman;Kerman Duchy
c_kerman;KRM;Kerman;Kerman County

# Asia Minor
k_aydin;AYD;Aydin;Aydin Kingdom
k_candar;CND;Candar;Candar Kingdom
k_iraq;IRQ;Iraq;Iraq Kingdom
k_karaman;KAR;Karaman;Karaman Kingdom
k_syria;SYR;Syria;Syria Kingdom
d_syria;SYR;Syria;Syria Duchy
c_syria;SYR;Syria;Syria County
k_trebizond;TRE;Trebizond;Trebizond Kingdom
d_trebizond;TRE;Trebizond;Trebizond Duchy
k_saruhan;SRU;Saruhan;Saruhan Kingdom
k_mentese;MEN;Mentese;Mentese Kingdom
k_rum;RUM;Rum;Rum Kingdom
c_imeretia;IME;Imereti;Imereti County
c_shirvan;SRV;Shirvan;Shirvan County
k_eretnid;ERE;Eretna;Eretna Kingdom

# Maghreb
d_mamluks;MAM;Burgi;Burgi (Mamluks)
d_fes;FEZ;Fez;Fez Duchy
c_fes;FEZ;Fez;Fez County
d_tripolitania;TRP;Tripoli;Tripoli Duchy
c_tripolitana;TRP;Tripoli;Tripoli County
d_alger;ALG;Algiers;Algiers Duchy
d_marrakech;MOR;Morocco;Morocco Duchy
k_egypt;EGY;Egypt;Egypt Kingdom
d_tunis;TUN;Tunisia;Tunis Duchy
c_tunis;TUN;Tunisia;Tunis County
c_al_djazair;ALG;Algiers;Algiers County
d_kabylia;KBA;Kabylia;Kabylia Duchy
c_mzab;MZB;Mzab;Mzab County
d_tlemcen;TLC;Tlemcen;Tlemcen Duchy
c_tlemcen;TLC;Tlemcen;Tlemcen County
d_mazandaran;TAB;Tabarestan;Tabarestan Duchy
c_tabaristan;TAB;Tabarestan;Tabarestan County
k_germiyan;GRM;Germiyan;Germiyan Kingdom

# Central Asia
k_khiva;TRS;Transoxiana;Transoxiana Kingdom
d_khiva;KHI;Khiva;Khiva Duchy
c_maverannahr;KHI;Khiva;Khiva County
d_sibir;SIB;Sibir;Sibir Duchy
c_sibir;SIB;Sibir;Sibir County
c_kazakh;KZH;Khazak Horde;Kazakh County
c_bukhara;BUK;Bukhara;Bukhara County
c_qazan;KAZ;Kazan;Qazan County
e_chagatai;CHG;Chagatai;Chagatai Empire
k_khorasan;KHO;Khorasan;Khorasan Kingdom
d_ladakh;LDK;Ladakh;Ladakh Duchy

# East Asia
e_japan;JAP;Japan;Japan Empire
k_japan;JAP;Japan;Japan Kingdom
e_korea;KOR;Korea;Korea Empire
k_korea;KOR;Korea;Korea Kingdom
e_khmer;KHM;Khmer;Khmer Empire
k_lanxang;LXA;LanXang;Lan Xang Kingdom
e_vietnam;DAI;DaiViet;Dai Viet Empire
k_annam;ANN;Annam;Annam Kingdom
k_champa;CHA;Champa;Champa Kingdom
k_palembang;PLB;Palembang;Palembang Kingdom
d_palembang;PLB;Palembang;Palembang Duchy
c_palembang;PLB;Palembang;Palembang County
d_aceh;ATJ;Ajeh;Aceh Duchy
k_malaya;MSA;Malaya;Malaya Kingdom

# Persia
d_khorasan;KHO;Khorasan;Khorasan Duchy
c_khorasan;KHO;Khorasan;Khorasan County
e_persia;PER;Persia;Persia Empire
k_persia;PER;Persia;Persia Kingdom
e_timurids;TIM;Timurid;Timurid Empire

# Americas
e_mexikha;AZT;Aztec;Aztec Empire
e_cuskha;INC;Inca;Inca Empire

# Africa
e_abyssinia;ETH;Ethiopia;Ethiopia Empire
k_abyssinia;ETH;Ethiopia;Ethiopia Kingdom
e_mali;MAL;Mali;Mali Empire
k_mali;MAL;Mali;Mali Kingdom
d_mali;MAL;Mali;Mali Duchy
c_mali;MAL;Mali;Mali County
d_sennar;ALO;Alodia;Alodia Duchy
c_alodia;ALO;Alodia;Alodia County
c_makuria;MAK;Makuria;Makuria County
d_songhay;SON;Songhai;Songhay Duchy
d_afar;AFA;Afar;Afar Duchy
c_harer;HAR;Harar;Harar County
d_timbuktu;TMB;Timbuktu;Timbuktu Duchy
c_timbuktu;TMB;Timbuktu;Timbuktu County
d_semien;BTI;Semien;Semien Duchy
c_semien;BTI;Semien;Semien County
d_damot;DAM;Damot;Damot Duchy
c_damot;DAM;Damot;Damot County

# Mongols
e_mongol_empire;KHA;MongolKhanate;Mongol Khanate
k_mongolia;KHA;MongolKhanate;Mongol Kingdom

# India
e_india;HIN;Hindustan;Hindustan Empire
k_baluchistan;BAL;Baluchistan;Baluchistan Kingdom
d_baluchistan;BAL;Baluchistan;Baluchistan Duchy
c_baluchistan;BAL;Baluchistan;Baluchistan County
k_afghanistan;AFG;Aghanistan;Afghanistan Kingdom
e_bengal;BNG;Bengal;Bengal Empire
k_bengal;BNG;Bengal;Bengal Kingdom
k_gondwana;GDW;Gondwana;Gondwana Kingdom
k_orissa;ORI;Orissa;Orissa Kingdom
k_lanka;CEY;Ceylon;Lanka Kingdom
e_deccan;DEC;Deccan;Deccan Empire
k_karnata;KRK;Carnatic;Karnata Kingdom
c_madurai;MAD;Madurai;Madurai County
c_venadu;VND;Venad;Venadu County
k_lanka;CEY;Ceylon;Lanka Kingdom
k_gujarat;GUJ;Gujarat;Gujarat Kingdom
d_jangladesh;JAN;Jangladesh;Jangladesh Kingdom
k_malwa;MLW;Malwa;Malwa Kingdom
k_sindh;SND;Sind;Sindh Kingdom
d_multan;MUL;Multan;Multan Duchy
c_multan;MUL;Multan;Multan County
c_kasmira;KSH;Kashmir;Kasmira County
k_delhi;DLH;Delhi;Delhi Kingdom
c_delhi;DLH;Delhi;Delhi County
k_gondwana;GDW;Gondwana;Gondwana Kingdom
d_sistan;SIS;Sistan;Sistan Duchy
e_rajastan;HIN;Hindustan;Hindustan Empire
c_delhi;DLH;Delhi;Delhi County
k_punjab;PUN;Punjab;Punjab Kingdom
k_karnata;KRK;Carnatic;Karnata Kingdom
c_gwalior;GWA;Gwalior;Gwalior County
c_jaunpur;JNP;Jaunpur;Jaunpur County
c_venadu;VND;Venad;Venadu County
d_vidharba;BRR;Berar;Berar Duchy
e_deccan;DEC;Deccan;Deccan Empire
c_madurai;MAD;Madurai;Madurai County
d_multan;MUL;Multan;Multan Duchy
c_multan;MUL;Multan;Multan County
d_jharkand;NGP;Jharkhand;Jharkhand Duchy
c_jharkand;NGP;Jharkhand;Jharkhand County
c_maldives;DGL;Maldives;Maldives County
e_deccan;DEC;Deccan;Deccan Empire
k_andhra;YOR;Andhra;Andhra Kingdom

#Tibet
e_tibet;TIB;Tibet;Tibet Empire 
k_guge;GUG;Guge;Guge Kingdom
d_lhasa;UTS;Utsang;Lhasa Duchy
d_bhutan;BHU;Bhutan;Bhutan Duchy
d_kham;KAM;Mdokhams;Kham Duchy
k_kashmir;KSH;Kashmir;Kashmir Kingdom
d_kashmir;KSH;Kashmir;Kashmir Duchy
c_kangra;KGR;Kangra;Kangra County
c_garhwal;GHR;Garhwal;Garhwal County
k_nepal;NPL;Nepal;Nepal Kingdom
k_yarlung;UTS;Utsang;Utsang Kingdom

# China
k_jin;JIN;Jin;Jin Kingdom
k_liang;LNG;Liang;Liang Kingdom
k_wu;WUU;Wu;Wu Kingdom
k_chu;CHC;Chu;Chu Kingdom
k_shu;SHU;Shu;Shu Kingdom
k_min;MIN;Min;Min Kingdom
k_yan;YAN;Yan;Yan Kingdom
k_qi;QIC;Qi;Qi Kingdom

# Additional
k_hansa;HSA;Hansa;Hanseatic League
c_bar;BAR;Bar;Bar County
d_smolensk;SMO;Smolensk;Smolensk Duchy
c_smolensk;SMO;Smolensk;Smolensk County
c_nizhny_novgorod;NZH;NizhnyNovgorod;Nizhny Novgorod County
k_jerusalem;KOJ;Jerusalem;Jerusalem Kingdom
d_jerusalem;KOJ;Jerusalem;Jerusalem Duchy
c_jerusalem;KOJ;Jerusalem;Jerusalem County
d_jomsvikings;JOM;Jomsvikings;Jomsvikings Special Case
d_hashshashin;HAH;Hashshashin;Hashshashin Special Case
e_roman_empire;ROM;RomanEmpire;Roman Empire Special Case
k_israel;ISR;Israel;Kingdom of Israel Special Case
d_knights_templar;TEM;KnightsTemplar;Knights Templar Special Case
c_yarkand;KAS;Yarkand;Yarkand County
e_china_west_governor;MNG;Ming;Ming


CK2RELIGION;EU4RELIGION;Custom Defined;Comment

# Pagan
norse_pagan;animism;0;Norse
norse_pagan_reformed;norse_pagan_reformed;0;Reformed Norse
tengri_pagan;tengri_pagan_reformed;0;Reformed Tengrist
tengri_pagan_reformed;tengri_pagan_reformed;0;Reformed Tengrist
baltic_pagan;animism;0;Romuva
baltic_pagan_reformed;baltic_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Romuva
finnish_pagan;animism;0;Suomenusko
finnish_pagan_reformed;finnish_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Suomenusko
aztec;aztec_reformed;1;Reformed Aztec
aztec_reformed;aztec_reformed;1;Reformed Aztec
inca;inca_reformed;1;Reformed Inca
inca_reformed;inca_reformed;1;Reformed Inca
slavic_pagan;animism;0;Slavic
slavic_pagan_reformed;slavic_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Slavic
west_african_pagan;shamanism;0;Fetishism
west_african_pagan_reformed;shamanism;0;Fetishism
south_african_pagan;shamanism;0;Fetishism
south_african_pagan_reformed;shamanism;0;Fetishism
hellenic_pagan;hellenic_pagan;1;Hellenic
pagan;pagan;1;Pagan
zun_pagan;zun_pagan_reformed;1;Zunist
zun_pagan_reformed;zun_pagan_reformed;1;Zunist
bon;bon;1;Bon
ainu_pagan;animism;0;Ainu
ainu_pagan_reformed;ainu_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Ainu
chinese_pagan;confucian;0;Shenist
chinese_pagan_reformed;chinese_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Shenist
dayak_pagan;hindu;0;Kaharingan
dayak_pagan_reformed;dayak_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Kaharingan
japanese_pagan;fetishism;0;Shinto
japanese_pagan_reformed;shinto;0;Reformed Shinto
korean_pagan;fetishism;0;Muist
korean_pagan_reformed;korean_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Muist
melanesian_pagan;animism;0;Melanesian
melanesian_pagan_reformed;melanesian_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Melanesian
ryukyuan_pagan;shinto;0;Ryukyuan
ryukyuan_pagan_reformed;ryukyuan_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Ryukyuan
sanamahi_pagan;hindu;0;Sanamahi
sanamahi_pagan_reformed;sanamahi_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Sanamahi
viet_pagan;confucian;0;Thanist
viet_pagan_reformed;viet_pagan_reformed;1;Reformed Thanist

# Gnostic
zoroastrian;zoroastrian;0;Zoroastrian
mazdaki;zoroastrian;0;Zoroastrian
zurvanite;zoroastrian;0;Zoroastrian
manichean;manichean;1;Manichaean
mandean;manichean;1;Manichaean
khurmazta;manichean;1;Manichaean

# Christianity
catholic;catholic;0;Catholic
cathar;catholic;0;Catholic
fraticelli;catholic;0;Catholic
waldensian;catholic;0;Catholic
lollard;catholic;0;Catholic
hussite;catholic;0;Catholic
orthodox;orthodox;0;Orthodox
bogomilist;orthodox;0;Orthodox
monothelite;orthodox;0;Orthodox
iconoclast;orthodox;0;Orthodox
paulician;orthodox;0;Orthodox
miaphysite;coptic;0;Coptic
monophysite;coptic;0;Coptic
tondrakian;coptic;0;Coptic
nestorian;assyrian;1;Assyrian
messalian;assyrian;1;Assyrian
lutheran;protestant;0;Protestant
zwinglian;reformed;0;Reformed
calvinist;reformed;0;Reformed

# Islam
sunni;sunni;0;Sunni
zikri;sunni;0;Sunni
yazidi;sunni;0;Sunni
shiite;shiite;0;Shiite
druze;shiite;0;Shiite
hurufi;shiite;0;Shiite
ibadi;ibadi;0;Ibadi
kharijite;ibadi;0;Ibadi

# Judaism
jewish;jewish;0;Jewish
samaritan;jewish;0;Jewish
karaite;jewish;0;Jewish
kabbalah;jewish;0;Jewish

# Indian/Chinese
buddhist;buddhism;0;Theravada
hindu;hinduism;0;Hindu
jain;jain;1;Jain
taoist;confucianism;0;Confucianism

# HERESIES

# Catholic Heresies
cathar;cathar;1;Cathar
fraticelli;fraticelli;1;Fraticelli
waldensian;waldensian;1;Waldensian
lollard;lollard;1;Lollard

# Orthodox Heresies
bogomilist;bogomilist;1;Bogomilist
monothelite;monothelite;1;Monothelite
iconoclast;iconoclast;1;Iconoclast
paulician;paulician;1;Paulician

# Miaphysite Heresies
monophysite;monophysite;1;Monophysite

# Nestorian Heresies
messalian;messalian;1;Messalian

# Sunni Heresies
zikri;zikri;1;Zikri
yazidi;yazidi;1;Yazidi

# Shiite Heresies
druze;druze;1;Druze
hurufi;hurufi;1;hurufi

# Ibadi Heresies
kharijite;kharijite;1;Kharijite

# Gnostic Heresies
mazdaki;mazdaki;1;Mazdaki
zurvanite;zurvanaite;1;Zurvanite
mandean;mandean;1;Mandean
khurmazta;khurmazta;1;Khurmazta

# Jewish Heresies
samaritan;samaritan_faith;1;Samaritan
karaite;karaite_faith;1;Karaite
kabbalah;kabbalah_faith;1;Kabbalah
